Table of Contents
tier-1 suppliers, and start-ups. Our AV solution also includes the GPU-based hardware required to train the neural networks before their in-vehicle deployment,
as well as to re-simulate their operation prior to any over-the-air software updates. We believe our comprehensive, top-to-bottom and end-to-end approach will
enable the transportation industry to solve the complex problems arising from the shift to autonomous driving.
Leveraging our intellectual property, or IP. We believe our IP is a valuable asset that can be accessed by our customers and partners through license and
development agreements when they desire to build such capabilities directly into their own products or have us do so through a custom development. Such
license and development arrangements can further enhance the reach of our technology.
Sales and Marketing
Our worldwide sales and marketing strategy is key to achieving our objective of providing markets with our high-performance and efficient computing platforms
and software. Our sales and marketing teams, located across our global markets, work closely with end customers and various industry ecosystems through our
partner network. Our partner network incorporates global, regional and specialized CSPs, OEMs, ODMs, system integrators, independent software vendors, or
ISVs, add-in board manufacturers, or AIBs, distributors, automotive manufacturers and tier-1 automotive suppliers, and other ecosystem participants.
Members of our sales team have technical expertise and product and industry knowledge. We also employ a team of application engineers and solution
architects to provide pre-sales assistance to our partner network in designing, testing, and qualifying system designs that incorporate our platforms. For
example, our solution architects work with CSPs to provide pre-sales assistance to optimize their hardware and software infrastructure for generative AI and LLM
training and deployment. They also work with foundation model and enterprise software developers to optimize the training and fine-tuning of their models and
services, and with enterprise end-users, often in collaboration with their global system integrator of choice, to fine-tune models and build AI applications. We
believe that the depth and quality of our design support are key to improving our partner network’s time-to-market, maintaining a high level of customer
satisfaction, and fostering relationships that encourage our end customers and partner network to use the next generation of our products within each platform.
To encourage the development of applications optimized for our platforms and software, we seek to establish and maintain strong relationships in the software
development community. Engineering and marketing personnel engage with key software developers to promote and discuss our platforms, as well as to
ascertain individual product requirements and solve technical problems. Our developer program supports the development of AI frameworks, SDKs, and APIs for
software applications and game titles that are optimized for our platforms. Our Deep Learning Institute provides in-person and online training for developers in
industries and organizations around the world to build AI and accelerated computing applications that leverage our platforms.
Seasonality
Our computing platforms serve a diverse set of markets such as data centers, gaming, professional visualization, and automotive. Our desktop gaming products
typically see stronger revenue in the second half of our fiscal year. Historical seasonality trends may not repeat.
Manufacturing
We utilize a fabless and contracting manufacturing strategy, whereby we employ and partner with key suppliers for all phases of the manufacturing process,
including wafer fabrication, assembly, testing, and packaging. We use the expertise of industry-leading suppliers that are certified by the International
Organization for Standardization in such areas as fabrication, assembly, quality control and assurance, reliability, and testing. Additionally, we can avoid many of
the significant costs and risks associated with owning and operating manufacturing operations. While we may directly procure certain raw materials used in the
production of our products, such as memory, substrates, and a variety of components, our suppliers are responsible for procurement of most raw materials used