Table of Contents
We are working with several hundred partners in the automotive ecosystem including automakers, truck makers, tier-one suppliers, sensor manufacturers,
automotive research institutions, HD mapping companies, and startups to develop and deploy AI systems for self-driving vehicles. Our unified AI computing
architecture starts with training deep neural networks using our Data Center computing solutions, and then running a full perception, fusion, planning, and control
stack within the vehicle on the NVIDIA DRIVE Hyperion platform. DRIVE Hyperion consists of the high-performance, energy efficient DRIVE AGX computing
hardware, a reference sensor set that supports full self-driving capability as well as an open, modular DRIVE software platform for autonomous driving, mapping,
and parking services, and intelligent in-vehicle experiences.
In addition, we offer a scalable data center-based simulation solution, NVIDIA DRIVE Sim, based on NVIDIA Omniverse software, for digital cockpit
development, as well as for testing and validating a self-driving platform. Our unique end-to-end, software-defined approach is designed for continuous
innovation and continuous development, enabling cars to receive over-the-air updates to add new features and capabilities throughout the life of a vehicle.
Business Strategies
NVIDIA’s key strategies that shape our overall business approach include:
Advancing the NVIDIA accelerated computing platform. Our accelerated computing platform can solve complex problems in significantly less time and with
lower power consumption than alternative computational approaches. Indeed, it can help solve problems that were previously deemed unsolvable. We work to
deliver continued performance leaps that outpace Moore’s Law by leveraging innovation across the architecture, chip design, system, interconnect, and software
layers. This full-stack innovation approach allows us to deliver order-of-magnitude performance advantages relative to legacy approaches in our target markets,
which include Data Center, Gaming, Professional Visualization, and Automotive. While the computing requirements of these end markets are diverse, we
address them with a unified underlying architecture leveraging our GPUs, CUDA and networking technologies as the fundamental building blocks. The
programmable nature of our architecture allows us to make leveraged investments in research and development: we can support several multi-billion-dollar end
markets with shared underlying technology by using a variety of software stacks developed either internally or by third-party developers and partners. We utilize
this platform approach in each of our target markets.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in AI. We provide a complete, end-to-end accelerated computing platform for AI, addressing both training
and inferencing. This includes full-stack data center-scale compute and networking solutions across processing units, interconnects, systems, and software. Our
compute solutions include all three major processing units in AI servers – GPUs, CPUs, and DPUs. GPUs are uniquely suited to AI, and we will continue to add
AI-specific features to our GPU architecture to further extend our leadership position. In addition, we offer DGX Cloud, an AI-training-as-a-service platform, and
NeMo – a complete solution for building enterprise-ready Large Language Models, or LLMs, using open source and proprietary LLMs created by NVIDIA and
third parties. Our AI technology leadership is reinforced by our large and expanding ecosystem in a virtuous cycle. Our computing platforms are available from
virtually every major server maker and CSP, as well as on our own AI supercomputers. There are over 4.7 million developers worldwide using CUDA and our
other software tools to help deploy our technology in our target markets. We evangelize AI through partnerships with hundreds of universities and thousands of
startups through our Inception program. Additionally, our Deep Learning Institute provides instruction on the latest techniques on how to design, train, and deploy
neural networks in applications using our accelerated computing platform.
Extending our technology and platform leadership in computer graphics. We believe that computer graphics infused with AI is fundamental to the