Table of Contents
Our support is enhanced during times of crisis, such as war or economic volatility, to take care of our existing team of world-class talent and their families.
Diversity, Inclusion, and Belonging
We believe that diverse teams fuel innovation, and we are committed to creating an inclusive culture that supports all employees.
When recruiting for new talent or developing our current employees, we strive to build a diverse talent pipeline that includes those underrepresented in the
technology field, including women, Black/African American, and Hispanic/Latino candidates.
To this end, we have been:
•
Partnering with institutions and professional organizations serving historically underrepresented communities;
•
Embedding dedicated recruiting teams to business areas to shepherd underrepresented candidates through the interview process and find internal
opportunities;
•
Supporting the development of women employees through programs aimed at building a pipeline of future leaders;
•
Providing peer support and executive sponsors for our internal community resource groups;
•
Providing training and education to managers and peers on fostering supportive environments and recruiting for diversity;
•
Track equity and parity in retention, promotions, pay, and employee engagement scores; and
•
Measuring year over year progress and providing leadership visibility on diversity efforts.
As of the end of fiscal year 2024, our global workforce was 79% male, 20% female, and 1% not declared, with 6% of our workforce in the United States
composed of Black or African American and Hispanic or Latino employees.
Flexible Working Environment
We support a flexible work environment, understanding that many employees want the ability to work from home under certain conditions. This flexibility
supports diverse hiring, retention, and employee engagement, which we believe makes NVIDIA a great place to work.
During fiscal year 2025, we will continue to have a flexible work environment and maintain our company wide 2-days off a quarter for employees to rest and
recharge.
Information About Our Executive Officers
The following sets forth certain information regarding our executive officers, their ages, and positions as of February 16, 2024:
Name
Age
Position
Jen-Hsun Huang
60
President and Chief Executive Officer
Colette M. Kress
56
Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer
Ajay K. Puri
69
Executive Vice President, Worldwide Field Operations
Debora Shoquist
69
Executive Vice President, Operations
Timothy S. Teter
57
Executive Vice President and General Counsel
Jen-Hsun Huang co-founded NVIDIA in 1993 and has served as our President, Chief Executive Officer, and a member of the Board of Directors since our
inception. From 1985 to 1993, Mr. Huang was employed at LSI Logic Corporation, a computer chip manufacturer, where he held a variety of positions including
as Director of Coreware, the business unit responsible for LSI's SOC. From 1983 to 1985, Mr. Huang was a microprocessor designer for AMD, a semiconductor
company. Mr. Huang holds a B.S.E.E. degree from Oregon State University and an M.S.E.E. degree from Stanford University.
Colette M. Kress joined NVIDIA in 2013 as Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Prior to NVIDIA, Ms. Kress most recently served as Senior
Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Business Technology and Operations Finance organization at Cisco Systems, Inc., a networking equipment
company, since 2010. At Cisco, Ms. Kress was responsible for financial strategy, planning, reporting and business development for all business segments,
engineering and operations. From 1997 to 2010 Ms. Kress held a variety of positions at Microsoft, a software company, including, beginning in 2006, Chief